Edited do-app-platform-op-cli/README.md for style and consistency (#298)
1Password/scim-examples: do-app-platform-op-cli/README.md

- [Before you begin](#before-you-begin)
- [Step 1: Set up your command-line tools ](#step-1-set-up-your-command-line-tools)
- [Step 2: Generate and configure 1Password credentials](#step-2-generate-and-configure-1password-credentials)
- [Step 3: Deploy your SCIM bridge](#step-3-deploy-your-scim-bridge)
- [Step 4: Test your SCIM bridge](#step-4-test-your-scim-bridge)
- [Step 5: Connect your identity provider](#step-5-connect-your-identity-provider)
- [Update your SCIM Bridge](#update-your-scim-bridge)
- [Appendix: Resource recommendations](#appendix-resource-recommendations)
- [Get help](#get-help)

## Before you begin

Before you begin, complete the necessary [preparation steps to deploy 1Password SCIM Bridge](/PREPARATION.md). You'll also need:

* A DigitalOcean account with available quota for two droplets.
* 1Password 8 for [Mac](https://1password.com/downloads/mac/) or [Windows](https://1password.com/downloads/windows/) or [Linux](https://1password.com/downloads/linux/).
* [1Password CLI 2.9.0](https://developer.1password.com/docs/cli/get-started/#install) or later.
* [`doctl`](https://docs.digitalocean.com/reference/doctl/how-to/install/#step-1-install-doctl)

> [!NOTE]

> > If you're using macOS or Linux, you only need to follow [Step 1: Install doctl](https://docs.digitalocean.com/reference/doctl/how-to/install/#step-1-install-doctl) in the `doctl` installation guide is required.

Reviewer: Assuming you meant:

```suggestion
> If you're using macOS or Linux, only [Step 1: Install doctl](https://docs.digitalocean.com/reference/doctl/how-to/install/#step-1-install-doctl) in the `doctl` installation guide is required.
```
or

```suggestion
> If you're using macOS or Linux, you only need to follow [Step 1: Install doctl](https://docs.digitalocean.com/reference/doctl/how-to/install/#step-1-install-doctl) in the `doctl` installation guide.
```

Author: Indeed I did! Good catch.

**Bash**:

```sh
curl -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/1Password/scim-examples/main/do-app-platform-op-cli/op-scim-bridge.yaml | op inject | doctl apps create --spec - --wait
```

**Powershell**:

```pwsh
Invoke-RestMethod -Uri https://raw.githubusercontent.com/1Password/scim-examples/main/do-app-platform-op-cli/op-scim-bridge.yaml | op inject | doctl apps create --spec - --wait
```

## Step 4: Test your SCIM bridge

After you deploy your SCIM bridge, you'll see a URL in the `Default Ingress` column of the terminal output. This URL is your SCIM bridge domain. Run the following command for your shell to test the connection to 1Password.

**Bash**:

```sh
curl --header "Authorization: Bearer $(op read op://${VAULT:-op-scim}/${ITEM:-"bearer token"}/credential)" https://op-scim-bridge-example.ondigitalocean.app/Users
```

**Powershell**:

```pwsh
Invoke-WebRequest -Method Get -Uri 'https://op-scim-bridge-example.ondigitalocean.app/Users' -Headers @{'Authorization' ="Bearer $(op read "op://op-scim/bearer token/credential")"}
```

> You can also access your SCIM bridge by visiting the domain in your web browser and entering your bearer token from the vault in 1Password.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps clarifying what domain they are visiting:
```suggestion
You can also access your SCIM bridge by visiting the SCIM bridge domain in your web browser and entering your bearer token from the vault in 1Password.
```

## Step 5: Connect your identity provider

To finish setting up automated user provisioning, [connect your identity provider to the SCIM bridge](https://support.1password.com/scim/#step-3-connect-your-identity-provider).

### If Google Workspace is your identity provider

Follow the steps in this section to connect your SCIM bridge to Google Workspace.

<details>

> <summary>Connect Google Workspace to your SCIM bridge</summary>
> #### 5.1: Get your Google Workspace service account key

Reviewer: This section (5.1) is rendering as a heading. An extra line is required:

```suggestion
<summary>Connect Google Workspace to your SCIM bridge</summary>

#### 5.1: Get your Google Workspace service account key
```

Copy and paste the following command for your shell to [read the file using its secret reference](https://developer.1password.com/docs/cli/reference/commands/read), encode the credentials, and store them as a new field in the `workspace-credentials` item you just saved in your 1Password account. If you gave the vault a custom name, replace `op-scim` with the name of your vault, then run the command.

**Bash**:

  ```sh
  op item edit "workspace-credentials" --vault "op-scim" base64_encoded_credentials=$(op read "op://op-scim/workspace-credentials/workspace-credentials.json" | base64 | tr -d "\n")
  ```

**Powershell**:

  ```pwsh
  op item edit "workspace-credentials" --vault "op-scim" base64_encoded_credentials=$([Convert]::ToBase64String([System.Text.Encoding]::UTF8.GetBytes($(op read "op://op-scim/workspace-credentials/workspace-credentials.json"))))
  ```

#### 5.3: Download and edit the Google Workspace settings template

1. Download the [`workspace-settings.json`](./google-workspace/workspace-settings.json) file from this repo.
2. Edit the following in this file:
	- **Actor**: Enter the email address of the Google Workspace administrator for the service account.

> 	- **Bridge Address**: Enter your SCIM bridge domain, **not** your 1Password account sign-in address. For example: `https://op-scim-bridge-example.ondigitalocean.app`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	- **Bridge Address**: Enter your SCIM bridge domain. Used in [Step 4](#step-4-test-your-scim-bridge) to test your SCIM bridge, (not your 1Password account sign-in address). For example:  `https://op-scim-bridge-example.ondigitalocean.app`.
```

| Volume  | Number of users | CPU  | memory |
| ------- | --------------- | ---- | ------ |
| Default | <1,000          | 0.25 | 0.5Gi  |
| High    | >1,000          | 1.0  | 1.0Gi  |

If you're provisioning more than 1,000 users, update the resources assigned to the SCIM bridge container to follow these recommendations. The resources specified for the Redis container don't need to be adjusted.

#### Default deployment

If you're provisioning up to 1,000 users, run the following command:

**Bash**:

```sh
curl -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/1Password/scim-examples/main/do-app-platform-op-cli/op-scim-bridge.yaml | op inject | doctl apps create --spec - --wait --upsert
```

**Powershell**:

```pwsh
Invoke-RestMethod -Uri https://raw.githubusercontent.com/1Password/scim-examples/main/do-app-platform-op-cli/op-scim-bridge.yaml | op inject | doctl apps create --spec - --wait --upsert
```

#### High-volume deployment

If you're provisioning more than 1,000 users:

1. Download the [`op-scim-bridge.yaml`](/do-app-platform-op-cli/op-scim-bridge.yaml) file and open it in a text editor.

> 2. Update line 37 to the following:
> 	```
> 	instance_size_slug: basic-xs
> 	```
> 3. Copy and paste the following command, replace `<pathToFile>` with the path to the file you just edited, and run the command.
> 	```sh
> 	cat <pathToFile>/op-scim-bridge.yaml | op inject | doctl apps create --spec - --wait --upsert
> 	```

Reviewer: A few fixes/suggestions for this bit:

- some white space fixes
  - empty line before and after code blocks
  - spaces versus tab stops
- added language (YAML) to code block
- prefer a real file path that is likely to work as typed rather than a placeholder
- prefer pointing to relevant code rather than quoting a line number that may change

```suggestion
2. Change the `instance_size_slug` value for the `op-scim-bridge` service to `basic-xs`:

    ```yaml
    services:
    # ...
    - ### ...
      instance_size_slug: basic-xs
      name: op-scim-bridge
    ```

3. Run the following command (replace `./op-scim-bridge.yaml` with the path to your modified app spec file as needed):

    ```sh
    cat ./op-scim-bridge.yaml | op inject | doctl apps create --spec - --wait --upsert
    ```
```

# Deploy 1Password SCIM Bridge on DigitalOcean App Platform using 1Password CLI

_Learn how to deploy 1Password SCIM Bridge on the [DigitalOcean App Platform](https://docs.digitalocean.com/products/app-platform/) service._

This deployment consists of two [resources](https://docs.digitalocean.com/glossary/resource/): A [service](https://docs.digitalocean.com/glossary/service/) for the for the SCIM bridge and an [internal service](https://docs.digitalocean.com/glossary/service/#internal-services) for Redis. There are a few benefits to deploying 1Password SCIM Bridge on DigitalOcean App Platform:

> - **Low cost:** For standard deployments, the service will host your SCIM bridge for ~$10 USD/month (as of March 2024). App Platform pricing is variable based on activity, and you can learn more on [DigitalOcean's pricing page](https://www.digitalocean.com/pricing/app-platform).

Reviewer 3: To shorten the line a bit.

```suggestion
- **Low cost:** For standard deployments, the service will host your SCIM bridge for ~$10 USD/month (as of March 2024). App Platform pricing is variable based on activity. Learn more on [DigitalOcean's pricing page](https://www.digitalocean.com/pricing/app-platform).
```

- **Automatic DNS record management:** You don't need to manage a DNS record. App Platform automatically provides a unique one for your SCIM bridge domain.
- **Automatic TLS certificate management:** App Platform automatically handles TLS certificate management on your behalf.

> - **Multiple deployment options:** The SCIM bridge can be deployed directly to DigitalOcean from your local terminal using this guide, or from the DigitalOcean Apps portal using the [support guide](https://support.1password.com/cs/scim-deploy-digitalocean-ap/). If you're using a custom deployment, cloning this repository is recommended.

Reviewer 3: To avoid passive voice.

```suggestion
- **Multiple deployment options:** You can deploy the SCIM bridge directly to DigitalOcean from your local terminal using this guide, or from the DigitalOcean Apps portal using the [support guide](https://support.1password.com/cs/scim-deploy-digitalocean-ap/). If you're using a custom deployment, cloning this repository is recommended.
```

- [Update your SCIM Bridge](#update-your-scim-bridge)
- [Appendix: Resource recommendations](#appendix-resource-recommendations)
- [Get help](#get-help)

## Before you begin

Before you begin, complete the necessary [preparation steps to deploy 1Password SCIM Bridge](/PREPARATION.md). You'll also need:

* A DigitalOcean account with available quota for two droplets.
* 1Password 8 for [Mac](https://1password.com/downloads/mac/) or [Windows](https://1password.com/downloads/windows/) or [Linux](https://1password.com/downloads/linux/).
* [1Password CLI 2.9.0](https://developer.1password.com/docs/cli/get-started/#install) or later.
* [`doctl`](https://docs.digitalocean.com/reference/doctl/how-to/install/#step-1-install-doctl)

> [!NOTE]
> If you're using macOS or Linux, you only need to follow [Step 1: Install doctl](https://docs.digitalocean.com/reference/doctl/how-to/install/#step-1-install-doctl) in the `doctl` installation guide.

## Step 1: Set up your command-line tools

After you install 1Password CLI, add your 1Password account, then follow these steps:

1. [Add your 1Password account](https://support.1password.com/add-account/) to 1Password 8 for Mac, Windows or Linux.

> 2. [Connect 1Password CLI to the 1Password app](https://developer.1password.com/docs/cli/app-integration/).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. [Connect 1Password CLI to the 1Password app.](https://developer.1password.com/docs/cli/app-integration/)
```

3. [Create a DigitalOcean personal access token](https://docs.digitalocean.com/reference/api/create-personal-access-token/) and select scopes for **read** and **write**.
4. Grant access to `doctl`:

> 	* If you're using macOS or Linux, [configure the DigitalOcean shell plugin](https://developer.1password.com/docs/cli/shell-plugins/digitalocean#step-1-configure-your-default-credentials) for 1Password CLI. Choose `Import into 1Password…` to save your DigitalOcean personal access token in your 1Password account and authenticate `doctl`.

Reviewer 3: Order of the steps changed here, so depending on which way you wanna go:

```suggestion
	* If you're using macOS or Linux, [configure the DigitalOcean shell plugin](https://developer.1password.com/docs/cli/shell-plugins/digitalocean/#step-2-configure-your-default-credentials) for 1Password CLI. Choose `Import into 1Password…` to save your DigitalOcean personal access token in your 1Password account and authenticate `doctl`.
```

or

```suggestion
	* If you're using macOS or Linux, [configure the DigitalOcean shell plugin](https://developer.1password.com/docs/cli/shell-plugins/digitalocean/) for 1Password CLI. Choose `Import into 1Password…` to save your DigitalOcean personal access token in your 1Password account and authenticate `doctl`.
```

**Bash**:

```sh
curl -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/1Password/scim-examples/main/do-app-platform-op-cli/op-scim-bridge.yaml | op inject | doctl apps create --spec - --wait
```

**Powershell**:

```pwsh
Invoke-RestMethod -Uri https://raw.githubusercontent.com/1Password/scim-examples/main/do-app-platform-op-cli/op-scim-bridge.yaml | op inject | doctl apps create --spec - --wait
```

## Step 4: Test your SCIM bridge

After you deploy your SCIM bridge, you'll see a URL in the `Default Ingress` column of the terminal output. This URL is your SCIM bridge domain. Run the following command for your shell to test the connection to 1Password.

**Bash**:

```sh
curl --header "Authorization: Bearer $(op read op://${VAULT:-op-scim}/${ITEM:-"bearer token"}/credential)" https://op-scim-bridge-example.ondigitalocean.app/Users
```

**Powershell**:

```pwsh
Invoke-WebRequest -Method Get -Uri 'https://op-scim-bridge-example.ondigitalocean.app/Users' -Headers @{'Authorization' ="Bearer $(op read "op://op-scim/bearer token/credential")"}
```

> You can also access your SCIM bridge by visiting the SCIM bridge domain in your web browser and entering your bearer token from the vault in 1Password.

Reviewer 3: Nit: to match how we refer to it as a 1Password item earlier.

```suggestion
You can also access your SCIM bridge by visiting the SCIM bridge domain in your web browser and entering the bearer token from your 1Password item.
```

## Step 5: Connect your identity provider

To finish setting up automated user provisioning, [connect your identity provider to the SCIM bridge](https://support.1password.com/scim/#step-3-connect-your-identity-provider).

### If Google Workspace is your identity provider

Follow the steps in this section to connect your SCIM bridge to Google Workspace.

<details>
<summary>Connect Google Workspace to your SCIM bridge</summary>

#### 5.1: Get your Google service account key

> Follow the steps to [create a Google service account, key, and API client](https://support.1password.com/scim-google-workspace/#step-1-create-a-google-service-account-key-and-api-client), then [save the file](https://support.1password.com/files/) to the 1Password vault you created in step 2.1. Name the item `workspace-credentials`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Follow the steps to [create a Google service account, key, and API client](https://support.1password.com/scim-google-workspace/#step-1-create-a-google-service-account-key-and-api-client), then [save the file](https://support.1password.com/files/) to the 1Password vault you created in [step 2.1](#21-generate-your-scimsession-file-and-bearer-token). Name the item `workspace-credentials`.
```

Copy and paste the following command for your shell to [read the file using its secret reference](https://developer.1password.com/docs/cli/reference/commands/read), encode the credentials, and store them as a new field in the `workspace-credentials` item you just saved in your 1Password account. If you gave the vault a custom name, replace `op-scim` with the name of your vault, then run the command.

**Bash**:

  ```sh
  op item edit "workspace-credentials" --vault "op-scim" base64_encoded_credentials=$(op read "op://op-scim/workspace-credentials/workspace-credentials.json" | base64 | tr -d "\n")
  ```

**Powershell**:

  ```pwsh
  op item edit "workspace-credentials" --vault "op-scim" base64_encoded_credentials=$([Convert]::ToBase64String([System.Text.Encoding]::UTF8.GetBytes($(op read "op://op-scim/workspace-credentials/workspace-credentials.json"))))
  ```

#### 5.3: Download and edit the Google Workspace settings template

1. Download the [`workspace-settings.json`](./google-workspace/workspace-settings.json) file from this repo.
2. Edit the following in this file:
	- **Actor**: Enter the email address of the Google Workspace administrator for the service account.

> 	- **Bridge Address**: Enter your SCIM bridge domain. Used in [Step 4](#step-4-test-your-scim-bridge) to test your SCIM bridge. This is not your 1Password account sign-in address. For example:  `https://op-scim-bridge-example.ondigitalocean.app`.

Reviewer 3: To match the capitalization in the other place where we referred to a step. And a contraction.

```suggestion
	- **Bridge Address**: Enter your SCIM bridge domain. Used in [step 4](#step-4-test-your-scim-bridge) to test your SCIM bridge. This isn't your 1Password account sign-in address. For example:  `https://op-scim-bridge-example.ondigitalocean.app`.
```

**Bash**:

  ```sh
  curl -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/1Password/scim-examples/main/do-app-platform-op-cli/google-workspace/op-scim-bridge-gw.yaml | op inject | doctl apps create --spec - --wait --upsert
  ```

**Powershell**:

  ```pwsh
  Invoke-RestMethod -Uri https://raw.githubusercontent.com/1Password/scim-examples/main/do-app-platform-op-cli/google-workspace/op-scim-bridge-gw.yaml | op inject | doctl apps create --spec - --wait --upsert
  ```

</details>

## Update your SCIM bridge

To update your SCIM bridge, run the following command for your shell.

**Bash**:

```sh
curl -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/1Password/scim-examples/main/do-app-platform-op-cli/op-scim-bridge.yaml | op inject | doctl apps create --spec - --wait --upsert
```

**Powershell**:

```pwsh
Invoke-RestMethod -Uri https://raw.githubusercontent.com/1Password/scim-examples/main/do-app-platform-op-cli/op-scim-bridge.yaml | op inject | doctl apps create --spec - --wait --upsert
```

> The [op-scim-bridge.yaml](./op-scim-bridge.yaml) file that this command uses should have the latest version in it. If the version doesn't match the one on the [SCIM Bridge Release Notes page](https://app-updates.agilebits.com/product_history/SCIM), you can download the file and update it before you run the command.

Reviewer 3: Do we want to start pointing folks here now that we also put SCIM bridge notes on the newer site?

```suggestion
The [op-scim-bridge.yaml](./op-scim-bridge.yaml) file that this command uses should have the latest version in it. If the version doesn't match the one on the [SCIM Bridge Release Notes page](https://releases.1password.com/provisioning/scim-bridge/), you can download the file and update it before you run the command.
```

Author: That's a great point! I can add this to the other files as well.

## Appendix: Resource recommendations

The pod for 1Password SCIM Bridge should be vertically scaled if you provision a large number of users or groups. These are our default resource specifications and recommended configurations for provisioning at scale:

> | Volume  | Number of users | CPU  | memory |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Volume  | Number of users | CPU  | Memory |
```
